update to include alert icon parameter (#164)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/UI/Alert/index.md

|progressIndicator|Boolean|false||
|alertType|[Common.AlertType](../../common/enums/#alerttype)|true||
|appID|Integer|true||

> |`alertIcon`|Image|False|Image struct determining whether static or dynamic icon. If omitted on supported displays, no (or the default if applicable) icon should be displayed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|alertIcon|[Common.Image](../../common/structs/#image)|false|Image to be displayed for the corresponding alert. If omitted on supported displays, no (or the default if applicable) icon should be displayed.|
```

For consistency
